well you're live with BBC news thank you
for joining us uh back to our top story
today and the Israeli military has said
no decision has been made yet on any
ground incursion into Gaza but that they
are preparing for it our International
editor Jeremy boen has this update on
the troop buildup and a warning his
report contains details and images some
viewers may find distressing and
upsetting in the fields and Farms On the
Border wire Israel's combat soldiers are
creating jumping off points to invade
Gaza at kibuts be regular units and some
of more than 300,000 mobilized
reservists were preparing for the order
to move in that most Israelis believe
will
come the buildup that we're seeing here
is certainly the clearest evidence that
I've witnessed that Israel is preparing
for a ground operation in Gaza and if
you add this to the formation of a war
cabinet you can see the direction they
must be going
in Israel's allies are gathering Anthony
blinkin the US Secretary of State is
flying in from
Washington American Support includes
weapons and moving an aircraft carrier
battle group closer to deter Iran's
allies in Lebanon from joining the war
the United States has isra back we have
the back of the Israeli people we have
their back today we'll have it tomorrow
we will have it every day in this safe
rooms millions of Israelis are praying
waiting often frightened now that
assumptions they had about their safety
have crumbled their government says what
it's doing in Gaza is defending them but
only a few miles from this family in
ashalon Israel's Onslaught raises
questions about whether it's breaking
the laws of war
in Gaza Israel has caused immense damage
in only 5 Days International
humanitarian law obliges belligerent to
protect civilian lives Israel says all
this is legitimate self-defense against
Hamas but it's also cut off supplies of
water food Fuel and power to more than 2
million people and killed hundreds of
civilians I've lost my father my brother
my uncle two cousins two other family
members and my pregnant wife I'm the
only Survivor back in Israel videos are
still emerging from the Hamas attack
last Saturday security cameras showed
two women trying to escape a Hamas
gunman somehow he misses
them armed Israelis
arrive and the man who wanted to murder
them either Retreats or is killed
and at a hospital near Tel Aviv signs of
the tension in Israel a visiting
government Minister gets a furious
reception a nurse yells they've been
helped by every kind of Civilian but the
government has given them
nothing the military build up might
steady Israeli
nerves and the defense minister said we
will wipe Hamas off the face of the
Earth Jeremy bow BBC News in southern
Israel